Update SCE contents and processing with cell type information (#166)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/sce_file_contents.md

| `miQC_pass`             | Indicates whether the cell passed the default miQC filtering. `TRUE` is assigned to cells with a low probability of being compromised (`prob_compromised` < 0.75) or [sufficiently low mitochondrial content](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/miQC/inst/doc/miQC.html#preventing-exclusion-of-low-mito-cells)  |
| `scpca_filter` | Labels cells as either `Keep` or `Remove` based on filtering criteria (`prob_compromised` < 0.75 and number of unique genes detected > 200) |
| `adt_scpca_filter` | If CITE-seq was performed, labels cells as either `Keep` or `Remove` based on ADT filtering criteria (`discard = TRUE` as determined by [`DropletUtils::CleanTagCounts()`](https://rdrr.io/github/MarioniLab/DropletUtils/man/cleanTagCounts.html)) |

> | `submitter_annotation` | If available, cell type annotations obtained from the group that submitted the original data. Cells that are not classified by the submitter are labeled as "Unclassified cell" |

Reviewer: I think this is only true in the QC report, but we are working on that! In the SCE _itself_, these values are literal `NA`s.

```suggestion
| `submitter_celltype_annotation` | If available, cell type annotations obtained from the group that submitted the original data. Cells that the submitter did not annotate are labeled as `NA` |
```

| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `cluster`  | Cell cluster identity identified by graph-based clustering |
| `singler_celltype_annotation`  | If cell typing with `SingleR` was performed, the annotated cell type. Cells labeled as `NA` are those which `SingleR` could not confidently annotate |

> | `singler_celltype_ontology`  | If cell typing with `SingleR` was performed with ontology labels, the annotated cell type's ontology ID. Cells labeled as `NA` are those which `SingleR` could not confidently annotate. |

Reviewer: Oh wait, no periods at the end; sorry if that was my bad!
```suggestion
| `singler_celltype_ontology`  | If cell typing with `SingleR` was performed with ontology labels, the annotated cell type's ontology ID. Cells labeled as `NA` are those which `SingleR` could not confidently annotate |
```

| `cluster_algorithm` | The algorithm used to perform graph-based clustering of cells. Only present for `processed` objects |
| `cluster_weighting` | The weighting approach used during graph-based clustering. Only present for `processed` objects |
| `cluster_nn`        | The nearest neighbor parameter value used for the graph-based clustering. Only present for `processed` objects |

> | `celltype_methods` | If cell type annotation was performed, a vector of the methods used for annotation. May include `"submitter"`, `"singler"` and/or `"cellassign"`. If submitter cell-type annotations are available, this will be present in all objects, otherwise this item is only present for `processed` objects |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `celltype_methods` | If cell type annotation was performed, a vector of the methods used for annotation. May include `"submitter"`, `"singler"` and/or `"cellassign"`. If submitter cell-type annotations are available, this metadata item will be present in all objects. Otherwise, this item will only be in `processed` objects |
```

| `celltype_methods` | If cell type annotation was performed, a vector of the methods used for annotation. May include `"submitter"`, `"singler"` and/or `"cellassign"`. If submitter cell-type annotations are available, this will be present in all objects, otherwise this item is only present for `processed` objects |
| `singler_results` | If cell typing with `SingleR` was performed, the full result object returned by `SingleR` annotation. Only present for `processed` objects |
| `singler_reference_name` | If cell typing with `SingleR` was performed, the name of the [`celldex`](http://bioconductor.org/packages/release/data/experiment/html/celldex.html) reference dataset used for annotation. Only present for `processed` objects |

> | `singler_reference_label` | If cell typing with `SingleR` was performed, the name of the label in the reference dataset used for annotation. Only present for `processed` objects |

Reviewer: I actually wonder if we should revive this and get it into the SCE metadata. It seems like useful information to have about celltyping, but also something to circle back to if we re-add it in. 
Let me know what you think about this!

----

If we do that, here's how we might go about it:

1. Modify [`classify_SingleR.R`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/blob/development/bin/classify_SingleR.R) to also add the label name into the singler result metadata
2. Add lines here to add info to SCE metadata:
https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/blob/934df294bbfe2a01d8ffdb94ba9f5d6b432a547d/bin/add_celltypes_to_sce.R#L100-L102
3. Bonus change: We could also change this line to check the label name directly instead of name presence, but either way should be fine. https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/blob/934df294bbfe2a01d8ffdb94ba9f5d6b432a547d/bin/add_celltypes_to_sce.R#L75

Author: I'm good with that. Was there a reason that we removed it in the first place?

Reviewer: > Was there a reason that we removed it in the first place?

No, I think it just got lost in the shuffle, especially when we changed the code to check for the ontology df in the model object instead of passing in the label parameter. Thanks for filing the PR for it (expect a review after YI, probably).
